proofread deployment docs (#1308)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/manual.md

| s1.emqx.io |  emqx@s1.emqx.io  |
| s2.emqx.io |  emqx@s2.emqx.io  |

Or if you have static IP assignments for the hosts.

| FQDN         |   Node name       |
| ------------ | ----------------- |
| 192.168.0.10 |  emqx@192.168.0.10  |
| 192.168.0.20 |  emqx@192.168.0.20  |

::: tip Tip

> EMQX node names are immutable, as they are baked into the database schema and data files. It is strongly recommended to use static FQDNs for EMQX node names, especially when the network environment provides static IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX node names are immutable, as they are baked into the database schema and data files. It is strongly recommended to use static FQDNs for EMQX node names, even when the network environment provides static IPs.
```

will be synchronized over.
:::

> EMQX `join` command should be run on a node **outside** the cluster. The argument should be node **inside** the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX `join` command should be run on a node **outside** the cluster. The argument should be a node **inside** the cluster.
```

Cluster status: [{running_nodes,['emqx@s1.emqx.io','emqx@s2.emqx.io']}]
```

## Leaving a Cluster

There are two ways for a node to leave a cluster:

1. `leave` command: Make the command calling node leave the cluster
2. `force-leave` command: Force another node to leave the cluster

Make `emqx@s2.emqx.io` leave a cluster by executing the below command on `s2.emqx.io`:

```bash
$ ./bin/emqx_ctl cluster leave
```

Or force `emqx@s2.emqx.io` to leave cluster by executing the command on `s1.emqx.io`:

```bash
$ ./bin/emqx_ctl cluster force-leave emqx@s2.emqx.io
```

### Start a Cluster on a Single Machine

For users who only have one server, the pseudo-distributed starting mode can be used.
Please note that if we want to start two or more nodes on one machine, we must adjust
the listening port of the other node to avoid port conflicts.

The basic process is to copy another emqx folder and name it emqx2.

> After that, we let all the listening ports of the original emqx to be added by an offset as the listening ports of the emqx2 node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, we offset all the listening ports of the original emqx relative to those of the emqx2 node.
```
?
